[RA2 CH4] add ra2.stg.010 storage classes (#46)
anuket-project/RA2: doc/ref_arch/kubernetes/chapters/chapter04.rst

       integrate with a dedicated key management system (KMS).
     - infra.stg.cfg.004 :cite:t:`refmodel` Chapter 5, section Virtual Storage
     -
   * - ra2.stg.010
     - Storage Class Support

>      - An implementation must support at least one storage class through Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs) and Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).  The supported storage class(es) must be clearly documented.  Support for both Block and File storage classes is strongly recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - An implementation must support at least one storage class through Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs) and Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).  The supported storage class(es) must be clearly documented.  Support for both Block and File storage classes is optional, but recommended.
```

>      - An implementation must support at least one storage class through Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs) and Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).  The supported storage class(es) must be clearly documented.  Support for both Block and File storage classes is strongly recommended.

Reviewer: Fixed in [12450c8](https://github.com/anuket-project/RA2/pull/46/commits/12450c83b75b8e81ec27dce79acf50115f349e90)

>      - An implementation must support at least one storage class through Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs) and Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).  The supported storage class(es) must be clearly documented.  Support for both Block and File storage classes is strongly recommended.

Reviewer: Fixed in [12450c8](https://github.com/anuket-project/RA2/pull/46/commits/12450c83b75b8e81ec27dce79acf50115f349e90)

>      - An implementation must support at least one storage class through Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs) and Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).  The supported storage class(es) must be clearly documented.  Support for both Block and File storage classes is strongly recommended.

Reviewer: Fixed in [12450c8](https://github.com/anuket-project/RA2/pull/46/commits/12450c83b75b8e81ec27dce79acf50115f349e90)

>      - An implementation must support at least one storage class through Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs) and Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).  The supported storage class(es) must be clearly documented.  Support for both Block and File storage classes is optional, but recommended.

Reviewer: Fixed in [12450c8](https://github.com/anuket-project/RA2/pull/46/commits/12450c83b75b8e81ec27dce79acf50115f349e90)

>      - An implementation must support at least one storage class through Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs) and Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).  The supported storage class(es) must be clearly documented.  Support for both Block and File storage classes is optional, but recommended.

Reviewer: Fixed in [12450c8](https://github.com/anuket-project/RA2/pull/46/commits/12450c83b75b8e81ec27dce79acf50115f349e90)

>      - An implementation must support at least one storage class through Kubernetes Persistent Volumes (PVs) and Persistent Volume Claims (PVCs).  The supported storage class(es) must be clearly documented.  Support for both Block and File storage classes is optional, but recommended.

Reviewer: Fixed in [12450c8](https://github.com/anuket-project/RA2/pull/46/commits/12450c83b75b8e81ec27dce79acf50115f349e90)
